Updates to User Testing and Index page (#34)
xumarcus/orbital22-wemeet: src/main/asciidoc/testing-guide.adoc

** After solver terminates, when client `GET`, then server responds with `200 OK` with `solved` set to `true` and response contains valid solution.
* Given valid request, when client `POST /api/rosterPlan/publish`, then server responds with `200 OK` and overrides original `rosterPlan`.

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra blank lines

== User testing

> === Google Form Link for User Testing

Reviewer: ?

=== Methodology

> Testing was done with a  Google Form which systematically guides the user through each feature of WeMeet while collecting their comments. As WeMeet is meant to be a general scheduling platform, we will be doing our user testing on the general public. Emails and text messages with the user testing link were sent to friends and family. We will be conducting one round of internal testing followed by 3 rounds of user testing. As testing rounds occur, we will also be refining the features of WeMeet and making small additions to the user testing form to include them. Email addresses of respondents are collected to ensure all responses collected are legitimate.

Reviewer: `  Google Form` double space

> Testing was done with a  Google Form which systematically guides the user through each feature of WeMeet while collecting their comments. As WeMeet is meant to be a general scheduling platform, we will be doing our user testing on the general public. Emails and text messages with the user testing link were sent to friends and family. We will be conducting one round of internal testing followed by 3 rounds of user testing. As testing rounds occur, we will also be refining the features of WeMeet and making small additions to the user testing form to include them. Email addresses of respondents are collected to ensure all responses collected are legitimate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing was done with aGoogle Form which systematically guides the user through each feature of WeMeet while collecting their comments. As WeMeet is meant to be a general scheduling platform, we will be doing our user testing on the general public. Emails and text messages with the user testing link were sent to friends and family. We will be conducting one round of internal testing followed by 3 rounds of user testing. As testing rounds occur, we will also be refining the features of WeMeet and making small additions to the user testing form to include them. Email addresses of respondents are collected to ensure all responses collected are legitimate.
```

=== Timeline

11th - 14th July: First round  +
14th - 15th July: Review first round feedback +
15th - 18th July: Second round  +
18th - 19th July: Review second round feedback +
19th - 22nd July: Third round
22nd - 24th July: Review third round feedback

> Analysing, adapting to feedback will happen as a manner of continuous deployment. This approach takes inspiration from the Design Thinking Methodology : Create, Test, Improve, Iterate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We continuously analyze and adapt to feedback, taking inspiration from the Design Thinking Methodology : Create, Test, Improve, Iterate.
```

Reviewer: We don't have CI/CD

|Overall feedback|The “Features” and “About” tabs were confusing.|Aforementioned tabs will be removed and replaced with a single “Guide” tab
|===

=== Second Round Feedback

The second round of user testing was conducted from 15th to 18th July with 4 responses.
|===
|*Section*|*Feedback Received*|*Action Taken*

|General web page navigation|The web page is slow to load when initially accessing it.|Heroku only “spins up” the server when users access the page which leads to the initial startup time. We will explore the pricing options for faster page loading.
|Scheduler functionality|The quick prompt shows “Add Title” when I am supposed to enter the time slot capacity|We have replaced it with “Add Capacity” to reduce confusion.
|===

=== Third Round Feedback

The third round of user testing was conducted from 19th to 22nd July with 5 responses.
|===
|*Section*|*Feedback Received*|*Action Taken*

|Scheduler functionality|The scheduler lacks more advanced features such as calendar integration.|We will include more advanced features in future updates.
|===

> == System testing

Reviewer: Describe the details of the tests, like what's exactly tested

System testing was conducted manually after each major revision (e.g. before each round of user testing). A developer will use
the user testing questions as a guide to test each and every functionality of the webapp to ensure that

> it is functioning as expected.

Author: test

> it is functioning as expected.

Author: ```suggestion
it is functioning as expected.
During the process, general webpage navigation, account authentication and scheduler functionality is tested. More specifically, we follow the user testing google forms which have detailed tasks such as creating a account, logging into an account, creating an event etc.
```

The second round of user testing was conducted from 15th to 18th July with 4 responses.
|===
|*Section*|*Feedback Received*|*Action Taken*

|General web page navigation|The web page is slow to load when initially accessing it.|Heroku only “spins up” the server when users access the page which leads to the initial startup time. We will explore the pricing options for faster page loading.
|Scheduler functionality|The quick prompt shows “Add Title” when I am supposed to enter the time slot capacity|We have replaced it with “Add Capacity” to reduce confusion.
|===

=== Third Round Feedback

The third round of user testing was conducted from 19th to 22nd July with 5 responses.
|===
|*Section*|*Feedback Received*|*Action Taken*

|Scheduler functionality|The scheduler lacks more advanced features such as calendar integration.|We will include more advanced features in future updates.
|===

== System testing
System testing was conducted manually after each major revision (e.g. before each round of user testing). A developer will use
the user testing questions as a guide to test each and every functionality of the webapp to ensure that
it is functioning as expected.

> During the process, general webpage navigation, account authentication and scheduler functionality is tested. More specifically, we follow the user testing google forms which have detailed tasks such as creating a account, logging into an account, creating an event etc.

Reviewer: As in exactly step by step description of how you test and what results you get
Just have a few scenarios, test it, document, and done

> During the process, general webpage navigation, account authentication and scheduler functionality is tested. More specifically, we follow the user testing google forms which have detailed tasks such as creating a account, logging into an account, creating an event etc.

Author: ```suggestion
|===
||Date Tested||

||10th July|15th July|19th July
|I am able to sign up for an account|ok|ok|ok
|I am able to sign in to my account|ok|ok|ok
|I am able to sign out of my account|ok|ok|ok
|I receive an error message when i sign in with a wrong email|ok|ok|ok
|I receive an error message when i sign in with a wrong password|ok|ok|ok
|I can create a new meeting with my desired meeting name|ok|ok|ok
|I am able to click into the meeting’s page|ok|ok|ok
|As a host, I am able to create time-slots|ok|ok|ok
|As a host, I am able to add capacity for individual time slots|ok|ok|ok
|As a host, I am able to add respondent’s emails|ok|ok|ok
|As a respondent, I am able to rank time slots|ok|ok|ok
|As a host, I am able to generate a roster|ok|ok|ok
|As a respondent, I can view roster generated by host|ok|ok|ok
|===
```
